README.md, before:

![divider](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38107722/137821462-186b7b20-d192-4097-b8b5-8a7e60ec52d0.jpg)

### Hi there 👋, my name is Carlos Castillo
#### Software Developer
<a href='https://docs.github.com/en/developers'><img src='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/acervenky/animated-github-badges/master/assets/devbadge.gif' width='25' height='25'></a> 
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0a66c2?logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/carlos-castillo-10/)
![Profile visits](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=CarlosCastillo10&color=red)

Nice to meet you! My name is Carlos. I am currently studying and working as a Software Developer at [UTPL](https://www.utpl.edu.ec/). Previously I worked at [Vaiots S.A](https://www.linkedin.com/company/vaiots/) and [Strategrisk S.A.](http://strategiafinanciera.com/) as a fullstack developer. I am currently working in the human resources department of the UTPL in the area of ​​software development.
 
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Oracle Apex, NodeJs and Cloud architecture. 
- &#128338; In the very near future, I plan to learn the Golang programming language, which catches my attention for its ability to create high-performance applications.
- 👯 I am looking to collaborate on open source projects that have an impact around the world.

![divider](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38107722/137821413-1150bf5f-ebf7-4460-b509-c622127ef725.jpg)

### Aptitudes:
<img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/python-5.svg' alt='Python' title='Python' height='40'> <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/java-4.svg' alt='Java' title='Java' height='40'>  <img src='https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png/667px-Matlab_Logo.png' alt='Matlab' title='Matlab' height='40'>  <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/html-1.svg' alt='HTML5' title='HTML5' height='40'>  <img src='https://tecfa.unige.ch/perso/mafritz/teaching/slides/assets/images/css3-logo.svg' alt='CSS3' title='CSS3' height='40'> <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/javascript-1.svg' alt='Javascrip' title='Javascript' height='40'>  <img src='https://download.logo.wine/logo/MySQL/MySQL-Logo.wine.png' alt='MySQL' title='MySQL' height='40'>  <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/postgresql.svg' alt='PostgreSQL' title='PostgreSQL' height='40'>  <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/firebase-1.svg' alt='Firebase' title='Firebase' height='40'>  <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/mongodb-icon-1.svg' alt='MongoDB' title='MongoDB' height='40'> <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/couchdb-2.svg' alt='CouchDB' title='CouchDB' height='40'>  <img src='https://plotly-marketing-website.cdn.prismic.io/plotly-marketing-website/948b6663-9429-4bd6-a4cc-cb33231d4532_logo-plotly.svg' alt='Plotly'  title='Plotly' height='40'>  <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/google-cloud-1.svg' alt='Google Cloud' title='Google Cloud' height='40'>  <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/git-icon.svg' alt='GIT' title='GIT' height='40'>  <img src='https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/35/Tux.svg/1200px-Tux.svg.png' alt='Linux' title='Linux' height='40'>



![divider](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38107722/137821413-1150bf5f-ebf7-4460-b509-c622127ef725.jpg)

### Statistics:

![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=CarlosCastillo10&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=calm)  [![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=CarlosCastillo10&theme=calm&hide_border=true&date_format=M%20j%5B%2C%20Y%5D)](https://git.io/streak-stats)  

![divider](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38107722/137821413-1150bf5f-ebf7-4460-b509-c622127ef725.jpg)

### Connect with me:
[<img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/gmail-icon-1.svg' alt='Gmail' height='25'>](mailto:carloscastillo090916@gmail.com) [<img src='https://iconsplace.com/wp-content/uploads/_icons/800080/256/png/github-icon-13-256.png' alt='github' height='25'>](https://github.com/carloscastillo10)  [<img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/linkedin-icon.svg' alt='linkedin' height='25'>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/carlos-castillo-10/)  [<img src='https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/51/Facebook_f_logo_%282019%29.svg' alt='facebook' height='25'>](https://www.facebook.com/carloscastillo0)  [<img src='https://logojinni.com/image/logos/instagram-7.svg' alt='instagram' height='25'>](https://www.instagram.com/carlos.castillo.10/)  [<img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/twitter-6.svg' alt='twitter' height='25'>](https://twitter.com/ccastillo2407)

Commit message:

:hammer: Update Readme
Update of the academic title, skills and statistics of github

README.md, after:

![divider](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38107722/137821462-186b7b20-d192-4097-b8b5-8a7e60ec52d0.jpg)

### Hi there 👋, my name is Carlos Castillo
[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Noto+Sans&weight=600&size=17&pause=1000&color=0A66C2&width=435&lines=Software+Engineer+%F0%9F%8E%93)](https://github.com/carloscastillo10)<br>
<a href='https://docs.github.com/en/developers'><img src='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/acervenky/animated-github-badges/master/assets/devbadge.gif' width='25' height='25'></a> 
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0a66c2?logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/carlos-castillo-10/)
![Profile visits](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=CarlosCastillo10&color=red)

Nice to meet you! My name is Carlos.  I am currently a graduate of [UTPL](https://www.utpl.edu.ec/) as a software engineer. Previously I worked at [Vaiots S.A](https://www.linkedin.com/company/vaiots/) and [Strategrisk S.A.](http://strategiafinanciera.com/) as a fullstack developer. I am currently working in the human resources department of the UTPL in the area of ​​software development.
 
- 🌱 I’m currently learning NodeJs, ReactJs and Cloud Computing. 
- &#128338; In the very near future, I plan to learn the Golang programming language, which catches my attention for its ability to create high-performance applications.
- 👯 I am looking to collaborate on open source projects that have an impact around the world.

![divider](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38107722/137821413-1150bf5f-ebf7-4460-b509-c622127ef725.jpg)

### Skills:
<img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/python-5.svg' alt='Python' title='Python' height='40'> <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/java-4.svg' alt='Java' title='Java' height='40'>  <img src='https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png/667px-Matlab_Logo.png' alt='Matlab' title='Matlab' height='40'>  <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/html-1.svg' alt='HTML5' title='HTML5' height='40'>  <img src='https://tecfa.unige.ch/perso/mafritz/teaching/slides/assets/images/css3-logo.svg' alt='CSS3' title='CSS3' height='40'> <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/javascript-1.svg' alt='Javascrip' title='Javascript' height='40'>  <img src='https://download.logo.wine/logo/MySQL/MySQL-Logo.wine.png' alt='MySQL' title='MySQL' height='40'>  <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/postgresql.svg' alt='PostgreSQL' title='PostgreSQL' height='40'>  <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/firebase-1.svg' alt='Firebase' title='Firebase' height='40'>  <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/mongodb-icon-1.svg' alt='MongoDB' title='MongoDB' height='40'> <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/couchdb-2.svg' alt='CouchDB' title='CouchDB' height='40'>  <img src='https://plotly-marketing-website.cdn.prismic.io/plotly-marketing-website/948b6663-9429-4bd6-a4cc-cb33231d4532_logo-plotly.svg' alt='Plotly'  title='Plotly' height='40'>  <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/google-cloud-1.svg' alt='Google Cloud' title='Google Cloud' height='40'>  <img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/git-icon.svg' alt='GIT' title='GIT' height='40'>  <img src='https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/35/Tux.svg/1200px-Tux.svg.png' alt='Linux' title='Linux' height='40'>

![divider](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38107722/137821413-1150bf5f-ebf7-4460-b509-c622127ef725.jpg)

### Github Statistics:

![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=CarlosCastillo10&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=calm)  [![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=CarlosCastillo10&theme=calm&hide_border=true&date_format=M%20j%5B%2C%20Y%5D)](https://git.io/streak-stats)  

![divider](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38107722/137821413-1150bf5f-ebf7-4460-b509-c622127ef725.jpg)

### Connect with me:
[<img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/gmail-icon-1.svg' alt='Gmail' height='25'>](mailto:carloscastillo090916@gmail.com) [<img src='https://iconsplace.com/wp-content/uploads/_icons/800080/256/png/github-icon-13-256.png' alt='github' height='25'>](https://github.com/carloscastillo10)  [<img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/linkedin-icon.svg' alt='linkedin' height='25'>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/carlos-castillo-10/)  [<img src='https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/51/Facebook_f_logo_%282019%29.svg' alt='facebook' height='25'>](https://www.facebook.com/carloscastillo0)  [<img src='https://logojinni.com/image/logos/instagram-7.svg' alt='instagram' height='25'>](https://www.instagram.com/carlos.castillo.10/)  [<img src='https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/twitter-6.svg' alt='twitter' height='25'>](https://twitter.com/ccastillo2407)
